--- 
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## Issue Pull Request
[Link to Pull Request](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/56)

To complete the fix, I executed these steps: 
1. I cloned the original repo (git clone https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18.git)
2. I forked the repo to my repository by clicking on the Fork button in https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18
3. I added the fork address as the remote for my local repository (git remote add myfork https://github.com/ashley-hu/cs480_s18.git)
4. I checked my managed repositories to ensure I had everything (git remote -v) 
5. I created a new branch called fix_typo (git branch fix_typo) 
6. I switched to the newly created branch (git checkout fix_typo)
7. I proceeded to locate the file with the error and fix the typo in 03.markdown with vim 
8. I checked to see the current state of the working directory/staging area (git status)
9. I added the file I edited (git add 03.markdown)
10. I committed the file with a message (git commit -m 'fixed typo to RedHat')
11. I pushed the change to my fork (git push -u myfork fix_typo) 
12. I was then able to issue a pull request from my pushed changes in GitHub

## Code Triage Experience
### Projects that I signed up for
* [Atom](https://www.codetriage.com/atom/atom)
* [Youtube-dl](https://www.codetriage.com/rg3/youtube-dl)
* [Spring-boot](https://www.codetriage.com/spring-projects/spring-boot)

An issue that I examined was from Atom. The issue was "[Auto indent on paste behaves oddly with already indented lines.](https://github.com/atom/atom/issues/5473)". This issue was opened on Feb 9, 2015. While looking at it, I thought that a lot of the readings and discussions we done actually apply in the community. Some things I saw was, the person who first opened the issue went into detail of the bug and showed an animated gif to help their explanation. The gif was helpful as it showed what was wrong and the person's explanation where they mentioned when the bug occured helped narrow the problem a bit. It was then labeled with tags like "auto-indent", "bug". The rest of the issue was people trying to reproduce the issue and asking for more information. On Apr 30, 2015, a new person mentioned how the issue still persisted and gave information about the current version they are using and their OS systen. It turned out that there was a lot of opened issues related to indentation which led to a lot of references being made. I found it interesting how some issues were closed, while some remained opened. They all dealt with a specific indentation problem. The last comment was posted on Oct 29, 2017, which suggested a fix. Overall, I thought the community was cooperative and friendly. People were willing to provide as much information as they can on the issue and was very polite when speaking to one another. However, since the issue has been opened for so long, I found that the discussion on the issue has stagnated. I am unsure whether the issue was forgotten, whether someone is trying to fix it, or whether it has already been fixed.  

Another issue I examined was from Youtube-dl. The issue was "[[dailymotion] Add support for crunchyroll embeds](https://github.com/rg3/youtube-dl/issues/7093)". This issue was opened on Oct 7, 2015. I found this issue to be different from what I expected. While I was expecting details of the issue, followed by an image, it was an entire copy and paste of the error log. I was confused on what the exact issue was and I found it surprising how people were able to understand what was happening and were able to follow up by confirming the issue. After reading through the comments a bit more, I noticed the tag "request" and how the original title was changed to the current title. The original title was "some dailymotion.com urls won't work", which helped me realize what the issue was (They did not have support for crunchyroll embeds so the OP was getting an error). It turned out that the people who followed up had unrelated issues and subsequent comments seem to also not understand what the title meant. The last comment posted on Jun 25, 2016 stated that the issue was still there. I thought that this issue was confusing and not as detailed as Atom. I was able to easily understand the problem from Atom, but had to spend some time reading through the comments to understand the issue in Youtube-dl. I think that a more detailed comment on the issue would clear some confusion.  

For Spring-boot, I examined the issue on documentation. The issue was "[Some events are not documented in the list of application events](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/issues/7382)". The issue was opened on Nov 14, 2016. There was not much discussion in the issue as it was just to add documentation so that people will not get confused. The OP who posted the issue provided the link to the specific documenation, a suggested on what to add, and the reason to add it. They also proceeded to tag the issue as "documentation". There was an additional comment to add more details, which prompted a question on what the person meant, which led to clarification. I thought that this issue was easily understandable and detailed enough that it doesn't lead to any immediate questions. 
