--- 
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Reflection on Talk  
Danna Kelmer's talk was rather interesting. I was unaware that Google was involved in so many open source projects. It was educational to find out how Google handles their open source projects, how the process works, and it was nice to receive tips on how to contribute to open source at Google.   
I believe Google's approach to open source is beneficial and helpful. They have a lot of projects that people can utilize and contribute to. I find it amazing how they have many projects that can do a wide variety of things, such as cryptography with BoringSSL, simple transfer of source code between repositories using dev-tools with Copybara, and Go, a programming language that helps build simple and efficient software. These projects are definitely something that can be utilized. 

## Team Project Progress  
Our team realized that our previous project (pdf.js) was too hard to contribute to. We had a hard time understanding the code base and was not able to find a decent issue to contribute to. As a result, we decided to switch to a new project called Terasology. It is a game similar to Minecraft, we looked at the code base, which was in Java, and was able to understand most of what is happening. We were able to also find an issue. Since we started a new project, we held an informal meeting on Saturday to catch up on stuff we would need to do. As of now, we have picked an issue and replicated the issue. Particularly for me, I asked a question on the Terasology Discord chat for more information as well as ran the program to look/replicate issues and also looked at the code for a way to potentially fix the issues.

## Code of Conduct  
The benefits of having a code of conduct is that it clearly establishes how people are expected to behave. It is worth having because people who are new to open source may not know how to respond to people. Some people may be super toxic towards other people which discourages new people from joining. For the Go project, it is nice to know who is responsible for handling conduct-related issues because it helps prevents conflict from arising. Having moderators and knowing how people should behave enforces a friendly environment and are more welcoming for newcomers to want to contribute. Other projects would definitely benefit from having a Code of Conduct since it tells others what is allowed and what is not. Terasology does have a code of conduct which is linked [here](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/Conduct.md). 

## Contributions
I edited 2 Wikipedia articles as well as created a pull request for the course website.
* [Fixed redundancy and tense](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Asaka_(musician)&oldid=834283706) - Wikipedia
* [Added information](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Flow_(band)&oldid=834318813) - Wikipedia
* [Created pull request to fix Broken Github Link](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/106) - Course Website


