---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software development following the bazaar model; which of the two environments would you be more comfortable.  

The cathedral model follows a "traditional" approach in which a group of developers work together towards a single goal. The developers have a set deadline, are generally more private (code mainly remains within the group), and they attempt to rid all the bugs they can find in the software before they release it to the public.  

The bazaar model follows a more innovative approach in which developers work towards various goals (dependent on what the admin wants to do). The developers can be anyone who is motivated to work, are free to choose what they want to do, and are not forced to finish by a certain deadline. The software is also not expected to be fully perfect and is constantly realeased and availble for others to see so that they may give their own input/fix on the software.  

I am most comfortable working in a cathedral model as I have more experience (from class and work) with working with others towards a goal under a set deadline. I am not as comfortable with speaking with strangers as well as the general process with how to work with others in a bazaar model. 

## The Cathedral and The Bazaar essay has 19 "lessons"; pick two that you found most interesting, intriguing, telling, or that you simply liked; quote them in your blog and try to explain what they supposed to mean

Two quotes that I liked and found interesting are: 
> #2 Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)  
> #11 The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better

I liked quote #2 because I found this slightly humorous as it reinforces the idea that programmers are lazy. Instead of creating something that was already created from scratch, they use good availible software to code in less time. Ex: Using a Math library to implement Math functions instead of writing them from scratch. They can also take functioning code and use it as a basis for implementing new features and improving the code. Ex: Changing the code for multiplying numbers to be more efficient or adding a feature that calculates volumes of various shapes.  

Quote #11 was interesting as it emphasizes how it is good to be attentive to users and their ideas rather than remaining focused on your own idea. Finding or recognizing a good idea from the users and implementing the idea will garner appreciation from the users and potentially lead to a larger user base. Users who use the software may suggest ideas that are not as apparent to the developer, such as adding a particular feature that will improve productivity. The users can provide fresh perspectives and insights that the developers may have missed, since people have different ways of thinking. 
