--- 
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?
When I select an Open Source project, I look for issues that I am able to work on. I also look to see if the community is welcoming and friendly to beginners. To check if a community is friendly, I specifically look at discussions and the tags on bugs. I prefer working with helpful people rather than toxic people because I would be less willing to contribute if the community is toxic. 

## What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)
I am able to offer help in coding in Java, Python, or Javascript. I am capable of researching for more information about an issue. I am generally very responsive and can provide assistance in documentation. 

## What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?
I am hoping to learn how to work more collaboratively, to learn about good coding practices, and to learn about anything in general. I have seen comments on pull requests where people were told that the code isn't good and were given suggestions on how to fix the code. I find that particularly helpful and useful to learn and pick up on. Since open source projects mean working with strangers, I believe I would be able to learn about stuff other than coding, as people may provide useful insight on particular issues. 

## What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project? 
I am most worried about toxic people and rude and unhelpful comments. I am also worried that I would not be able to contribute to anything in an open source project. In big projects where there are a lot of active people and discussions, the easier tasks such as confirming an issue or reproducing it may already have been done by a few other people. 

## Summize your contributions made this week, if any
Contributions I made this week include: 
1. Making a comment on an issue for the course website: [link](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/85)

## Propose questions for Aurelia 
* In an interview, I read that you used Sublime Text as your text editor of choice. Why do you prefer Sublime over other editors like Atom, which is open source and has customizable themes?
* What do you like about working in Mozilla, other than the open source and open science aspects?
* How did you initially get into open source?
* Is there anything that you dislike about open source? 
