---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


## Open Source  
What do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"? What are some advantages of open vs. closed source, what are some potential problems with open source?  

When I hear the term "open source," I think about how the source code can be publicly viewed and I think about a community of interested people (volunteers, strangers, etc.) contributing to a project. It is like a giant "work in progress" that continues to change and grow from new ideas and fixes from other people.  
Some advantages of open source is the help provided by a community of people, whether it is by fixing bugs, improving UI, or adding new features. The source code is availble for viewing and people can join if they are interested in the project. Work can be done more productively if the person is motivated. Open source also has more flexibilty and freedom. For example, if someone working with a particular code sees an issue that can be improved or fixed, they can look at the source code and provide the necessary changes that will make things easier for other people who have the same issue. Some advantages of closed source is that it can be more secure as the source code is protected from outsiders and it is more reliable because the people are paid to do the work (employees can be maintained while volunteers can't be). Some potential problems with open source is that development can be slow (people who are volunteers are not forced or obligated to complete what they are working on within a specific time frame), there are differing ideas or goals for a project (people can be split on the direction the project should go, which can result in leaving the project), and someone can accidently work on a task that someone was already working on, resulting in less progress made (if someone does not properly delegate tasks, it makes it harder for people to know what they can do). 

## Projects  
List names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based).  

1) uBlock Origin - uBlock Origin is a free extension that filters content, blocks ads, and can be used in multiple browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc. I use uBlock Origin because I prefer sites that I visit to be ad-free and it was recommended by a large portion of people. It is also really simple to use and easy on computer memory. The other alternatives would be Adblock Plus or AdBlock to block ads.  
2) Audacity - Audacity is a free audio software that lets you edit and record audio. I use this over other audio software because it is free and is quick and easy to use when editing audio. The alternatives would be paid software such as Adobe Audition or another free audio software called LMMS(I have not yet tried this but I am interested in using it as it has a wide range of features).  
3) Atom text editor - Atom is a free editor that lets you read and modify text or source code. I use this to code in Javascript. I prefer how the layout of the editor allows me to see the hiearchy of my files as well as having the option to see how my file will look on Github, and being able to make customizations to the styling of the editor. The alternatives will be Sublime Text and XCode. While Sublime Text is nice, it does not have a lot of customizable features that Atom offers.  
4) NetBeans - NetBeans is a free IDE (Integrated development Environment) that allows for application development. I use NetBeans for programming in Java and was recommended it by people. I like being able to open up multiple projects at once, being able to easily debug, and being able to use the auto-completion and auto-import features. Potential alternatives would be Eclipse and IntelliJ. 


## Questions for Tom  
Come up with two (or more) questions that you would like to ask Tom Callaway from RedHat when he visits the class next week.

Why did you choose to work for RedHat?  
Is there anything that you dislike about working for RedHat? Anything that can be improved on?  
Which closed source projects do you think should be open sourced?


