--- 
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Project Progress
Unfortunately, the feature that I was working on for implementing damage on the snow block turned out impossible to do. After researching and reading through documentation and implementing some code. I finally decided to ask the Terasology community on discord about more information about the feature that they wanted. After asking, the admin told me that currently the feature was not possible to do due to a retired system from technical limitations. As a result, I started working on another issue, which is to stack slabs, and discarded the code changes that I made without committing.  
This week I read through [documentation](https://github.com/Terasology/StructuralResources) for a module provided by the admin in the Terasology discord channel after I asked for information about stacking. I ran the Terasology program and tested to see how the module worked and told the group members about it. After that I attempted to work on the code for adding stacking to slabs. I am currently working with Ryan on the issue. I added the necessary classes that the slab needs, connected the block to a prefab to the class, as well as added some logic. 

## Team License
Terasology uses the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/LICENSE). For this license, you can modify, distribute, sublicense, use for commercial use, use it for private use, use patent claims and place warranty on it. You can not be held liable for damages, and use trademarks. You must include the copyright, include the license, state the changes, and include notice if the library has a notice file. 

## Contributions
I worked on OpenStreetMap. I added more information about Artichoke Pizza on MacDougal Street as well as added Avalon New York onto the map. Both the work can be seen [here](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/CarrotWater/history#map=19/40.72995/-74.00066). 
